
# Meeting

- **Moderator:** Raphael
- **Recorder:** Yassica
- **Date:** 30/04/2025 15:00 - 16:00
- **Location:** Inselspital, Bettenhochhaus, B128

## Agenda

|  | What | Who | Time |
| --- | ---- | --- | ---- |
| 1 | Progress since last Meeting |  |  |  |
|  | Correct Rendering of PaintingLayer |  |  |
|  | Buffer for painting |  |  |
|  | Interpolation between two paintingPositions |  |  |
|  | Selection of color + radius of brush |  |  |
| 2 | Next Iteration |  |  |
|  | Synchronization with segmentation layer |  |  |
|  | Other DICOM files (dicoms in repo are not working) |  |  |
|  | Info/Help Button in UI with Shortcut description |  |  |
| 3 | Next steps |  |  |
|  | Code cleanup? |  |  |
|  | Additional Meeting? |  |  |
